Okay (***)
hai so (***)
So, Gamera is... I was telling you.
about that (***)
I wonder, I wonder why.
Because you don't see tusks in regular salmon. Regular turtles don't have tusks.
That was fantastic.
Stomping turtle? Oh, snapping turtle?
you
A snapping turtle is the
that (***)
We're talking about R-Gated.
Irrigated snapping turtle.
uhh
So that was the model of the dummy.
yeah The shrimping turtle is one of the vicious of all turtles.
oh yeah they can bite off a lot of things
yeah
So but that's that's kind of where the idea came from
I don't know if the snapping alligator snapping turtle had a
(***)
I'm a little dramatic
yeah
yeah yeah
yeah yeah and then the well the animation one that we saw the cGamera
Looks pretty mean but at the same time very kind.
Yeah, let's(***)
And then people realized that (***) was actually to protect...
yeah (***) yeah yeah
yeah yeah Just like that. Leveled.
but the other one is the real the the one that the real
a movie like a real person one that also
Gamera was a bad one too.
The person one. The real person one. the Gamera
Then he was captured and they were taken to the building.
Remember? He was taking his strength
It was brought all the way to town.
(***)
monster I wonder how the other monster knew
Gamera work.
oh
uhh it could smell it out (***)
This little bit of a, they can sense each other.
oh
Yeah, yeah. So that they can attack. They can attack people from that far.
Because Jamila was the only one standing in his way.
What's the monster eating people at all?
I remember now, I remember. When the little, the younger brother was saved.
you know the scene that he came out
the town and I think he was eating people
I don't know why they want to eat
people instead of other animals.
Careful they decided to make his monsters eat people.
(***) you're the one who likes it
have the monsters eat people too.
You got it from me, I'm gonna make my demeramos just like my dad.
I am going to make my monsters eat people too.
yeah yeah
Oh, the animation?
The real person one.
okay Because I don't think he was.
He was still growing. He's not a full size yet.
He was still a baby. He wasn't a fully adult yet.
He got bigger, but not like a fully grown.
He was not fully adult.
And it looks like he didn't even know he could fly. yeah
yeah
It would be nice to have the sequel of that movie, but...
well which never happened because that movie was made
yeah it's almost 20 years ago yeah yeah
I think all the characters, they're all old already.
So they have to use their new characters.
I wish they could make yeah more Gamera movies.
That would be more interesting.
Because Gojira is so popular, Gamera is such a minor monster right now.
yeah (***)
(***)
because kong is like a protective people
He wasn't like an out of control monster.